h1. MyMinister

h2. Description

A fast REST API to access information on Members of Parliament. "Directory of MPs":http://github.com/akshayrawat/DirectoryOfMPs is an example application based on this.

h2. Formats
* XML
* JSON

h2. URLs

The API is hosted at @http://api.myminister.info@. Access it like @http://api.myminister.info/[rest url]@. eg. @http://api.myminister.info/mps.xml@

* Get all MPs
** @GET /mps.xml@
** @GET /mps.json@
* Get MP by Constituency
** @GET /constituencies/[constituency_id]/mp.xml@
** @GET /constituencies/[constituency_id]/mp.json@
* Get MPs by State
** @GET /states/[state_id]/mps.xml@
** @GET /states/[state_id]/mps.json@
* Get MP
** @GET /mps/[mp_id].xml@
** @GET /mps/[mp_id].json@
* Get MPs by Party
** @GET /parties/[party_id]/mps.xml@
** @GET /parties/[party_id]/mps.json@
* Search MPs, Parties, Constituencies, States by Name
** @GET /search/[mp|party|constituency]/[name match].xml@
** @GET /search/[mp|party|constituency]/[name match].json@
* Get all States and Union Territories
** @GET /states.xml@
** @GET /states.json@
* Get all Constituencies
** @GET /constituencies.xml@
** @GET /constituencies.json@
* Get Constituencies By State
** @GET /states/[state_id_]/constituencies.xml@
** @GET /states/[state_id_]/constituencies.json@


h2. DB Snapshot

A snapshot of the db is at @RAILS_ROOT/data/snapshot.sqlite3@. Run @rake data:import@ to import fresh MP information to @RAILS_ROOT/data/test.sqlite3@

h2. Todo

* Add PRS published data
* Show that on Directory.MyMinister
* API for badges
* Badges App 
* Identify cabinet ministers 